DuplicatedKeyInDictionaryLiteralRule: fix false positives scenarios. (#4057)
realm/SwiftLint: CHANGELOG.md

## Master

#### Bug Fixes

* Fix false positive in `Duplicated Key in Dictionary Literal Violation` rule when using

>   keys that are generated in runtime with the same code.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  keys that are generated at runtime with the same source code.  
```
